fix #131, fix #132. rewrite ending of abstract. fix intro figure (#152)
audio-engineer/aau-p2-article: src/introduction/introduction.tex

\chapter{Introduction}\label{ch:introduction}
% textidote: ignore end

Chess has seen a rise in player count in recent years, and with the growing player base, the current chess websites have
perfected their craft.
This has been done through intuitive design and the addition of extra features in the apps.

> One reason that chess has become more popular online is that using popular web apps like \url{chess.com}or

Reviewer: This cannot be correct, right?

% textidote: ignore begin
\begin{figure}[htb]
    \centering
    \includegraphics[width=0.7\textwidth]{overview}
    \caption{The two different overall chess learning environments.
    Traditional coaching is a physical coaching session where a coach and some players meet up and play over the board.
    Chess engine coaching exists online in the cloud, no physical meeting is necessary.}\label{fig:project-overview}
\end{figure}
% textidote: ignore end

Chess engine popularity has risen greatly in the past years and has been developed to a point that they
outperform humans.

> These tools are essential to understanding the complexity of mid/end-game strategies of chess.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These tools are essential to understanding the complexity of mid- and endgame strategies of chess.
```

Reviewer 2: I think that "mid- to endgame" sounds better
